0 notifications total new feed updates notifications Home My Network Jobs Messaging 25 25 new notifications Notifications Me For Business Claim 1 free month of Premium Page Software Developer I Software Developer I EPB · Chattanooga, TN (Hybrid) Show more options Save Save Software Developer I at EPB Apply EPB Share Show more options Software Developer I Chattanooga, TN · 1 day ago · Over 100 people clicked apply Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn Hybrid Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Hybrid. Full-time Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time. Apply Save Save Software Developer I at EPB How your profile and resume fit this job Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0 Show match details Tailor my resume Help me stand out Meet the hiring team Caitlin McFall 3rd Talent Acquisition Specialist at EPB Job poster Message About the job Purpose The Software Developer I will assist in the integration of core software systems to enhance external and internal customer experiences. This role will operate at a corporate level. Duties & Responsibilities Assist in developing and maintaining the underlying middleware software that powers EPB’s customer-facing internal applications and websites. See more Set alert for similar jobs Software Engineer, Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States Off Set alert Job search faster with Premium Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more Vaishnavi and millions of other members use Premium Try Premium for ₹0 Cancel anytime, hassle-free. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends. About the company EPB 10,167 followers Follow Utilities 501-1,000 employees 834 on LinkedIn Who We Are — EPB is an energy and connectivity solutions provider that puts our customers, employees, and community first. We work hard to make our customers’ lives easier and better one innovative product, service, or idea at a time. This includes going the extra mile to help our customers save money, use less energy, and prepare for the future. Why Join Us? Working at EPB is more than a just a job. It’s an opportunity to join a company whose values you feel proud of — a company that supports you on your journey to becoming the best possible version of yourself. We seek those with a compelling urge to serve a meaningful purpose and to make a difference. As an EPB employee, you’ll come to work each day to do what you love. You’ll use your unique skillset to help our community thrive. And best of all, you’ll watch your efforts directly impact the people and places around you. To join our team is to strengthen a workforce that strives to make the future of our community stronger, more innovative, more resilient, and more sustainable. Together, we power a brighter future. Our Culture — As an EPB employee, you’ll be encouraged to follow the path of career growth and self-improvement that works for you. We offer programs and opportunities centered on career development, higher education, health and fitness, and multidisciplinary learning to help our employees reach their personal and vocational goals. You’ll face challenging assignments, receive a generous paycheck, and have access to an outstanding assortment of benefits and perks that fit your life. Including You Makes Us Stronger — We believe unique perspectives lead to big ideas and help us better serve our diverse community. We celebrate our differences and intentionally include individuals from all walks of life to create a diverse workforce that is representative of our community. No matter who you are or where you come from, we want you to feel comfortable being you. … show more Interested in working with us in the future? Members who share that they’re interested in a company may be 2x as likely to get a message from a recruiter than those who don’t. Learn more Learn more about Interested in working for our company I’m interested Company photos Page 1 of 5 Previous Next Show more Job search smarter with Premium See jobs where you’d be a top applicant Message hiring managers with InMail Get personalized cover letter and resume tips Plus! Get insider access to live talks with industry leaders. Likhitha and millions of other members use Premium Try Premium for ₹0 Cancel anytime, hassle-free. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends. Dismiss premium promotion Looking for talent? Post a job About Accessibility Talent Solutions Professional Community Policies Careers Marketing Solutions Privacy & Terms Ad Choices Advertising Sales Solutions Mobile Small Business Safety Center Questions? Visit our Help Center. Manage your account and privacy Go to your Settings. Recommendation transparency Learn more about Recommended Content. Select Language العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) LinkedIn Corporation © 2026 Status is online Messaging You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations. Compose message You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.